#28. Do you agree or disagree with following statement? Parents today are more involved in their children&s education than were parents in the past.

Nowadays,more and more parents spend lots of time and money to help their children's education. From my perspective, parents in the previous are more involved in their children's education than in the past.

First of all, most parents are concerned with the quality of their children's future life. And the importance of diploma is getting much higher than before. For instance, if you got a highly qualified education, you can obtain more choices,higher salaries, and more opportunities for advancement in an increasingly competitive job market. Considering this, parents desire their children to access a higher diploma to be qualified for previously unavailable jobs,even if it requires them to make an effort to participate in their children's education.

Additionally, previously, because of the restriction of knowledge of education, only few parents were capable of playing a role in their children's education. Most parents chose to trust teachers and did nothing. But the situation has changed because of the information revolution. Now parents could receive tremendous messages about their children's education if they wish. They get real-time feedback from teachers and communicate with other parents quickly. And there is countless information on the internet to help them to fill in the blank of knowledge. Unlike before, parents are more aggressive in parent-teacher communication in the current.

Another contributing factor is the change of social lifestyle. In the old days, parents spent more time on work. It results in them putting little time on their children which was different from now. Now more and more companies and factories are developing a work-life balance policy. After several hours of work, parents stay home with their children so they can supervise their children's progress and give advice. There's no doubt that parents influence their children's spare time more than before.

Concisely stated, the increasing of education's importance,the improvement of ability of receiving information, and more spare time, these three contributing factors significantly lead to the situation that parents are more and more involved in children's education.
